[PXCT-1576] - Nano R4 UART Documentation on Docs (Update) (#2742)
arduino/docs-content: content/hardware/03.nano/boards/nano-r4/datasheet/datasheet.md

| Frequency             | 48 MHz                                                                                                                                        |
| Internal Memory       | 256 kB Flash/32 kB RAM/8 kB EEPROM                                                                                                            |
| USB Connectivity      | USB-C® port for power and data                                                                                                                |
| Power                 | Input voltage (VIN): 6-21 V / Power via USB-C® at 5 V                                                                                         |
| Digital Inputs        | GPIO (21x - All exposed I/O can be used as digital), PWM (6x)                                                                                 |
| Analog Inputs         | 14-bit ADC (8x)                                                                                                                               |
| Real-time Clock (RTC) | Yes (external crystal oscillator included)                                                                                                    |

> | Communication         | UART (2x: Serial: USB, Serial1: D0/D1), I2C (2x) (5 V over breakout and 3.3 V over Qwiic), SPI (1x), CAN (external transceiver required) (1x) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Communication         | Serial interfaces (2x: Serial over USB, Serial1 on D0/D1), I2C (2x) (5 V over breakout and 3.3 V over Qwiic), SPI (1x), CAN (external transceiver required) (1x) |

```
To give them idea of being serial interfaces
